Added version diff section to generate-docs (#1341)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a validation to ensure integrations are not skipped and at least one test playbook is not skipped for each integration or script.
* Added to the Content Tests support for `context_print_dt`, which queries the incident context and prints the result as a json.
* Added new validation for the `xsoar_config.json` file in the **validate** command.

> * Added a version differences section to readme in **generate-docs** command.

Reviewer: please note the 2 additional flags as well.

Author: done.

* Added a validation to ensure integrations are not skipped and at least one test playbook is not skipped for each integration or script.
* Added to the Content Tests support for `context_print_dt`, which queries the incident context and prints the result as a json.
* Added new validation for the `xsoar_config.json` file in the **validate** command.
* Added a version differences section to readme in **generate-docs** command.
* Added the *--docs-format* flag in the **integration-diff** command to get the output in README format.

> * Added the *--input-old-version* and *--skip-breaking-changes* flags in the **generate-docs** command to get the detailing changes in the section and to skip the breaking changes section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the *--input-old-version* and *--skip-breaking-changes* flags in the **generate-docs** command to get the details for the breaking section and to skip the breaking changes section.
```

* Fixed **format** to use git as a default value.
* Updated the **upload** command to support reports.
* Fixed an issue where **generate-docs** command was displaying 'None' when credentials parameter display field configured was not configured.

> * Added a version differences section to readme in **generate-docs** command and added the `--docs-format` flag in **integration-diff** command to get the output in readme format.

Reviewer: separate to 2 notes.

* Added to the **update-release-notes** command automatic addition to git when new release notes file is created.
* Added validation to ensure that integrations, scripts, and playbooks do not contain the entity type in their names.
* Added the **convert** command to convert entities between XSOAR versions.
* Added a version differences section to readme in **generate-docs** command.

> * Added the `--docs-format` flag in **integration-diff** command to get the output in readme format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the *--docs-format* flag in the **integration-diff** command to get the output in README format.
```
